Docs intro (#703)
Textualize/textual: docs/reference/message_pump.md

A message pump is a class that processes messages.

> It is a base class for the App, Screen, and Widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a base class for the `App`, `Screen`, and `Widget` classes.
```
